take the risks implied participation in the turkish army has no interest in the sectarian strife in iraq .
erdogan has no intention of this trap drawn to be left .
small tax on those who does not vote at the same time to vote for everyone rational and social provides a standard cost of the vote .
the australian want to be forced to vote .
a business environment , and inflexible and , because it is not the only option for women who work for the family light .
much , with the highest 1.8 came to $ 1 trillion over the last year , and a half of the world .
local riches reserves of the paradox is that today are not yet that can be used to stimulate the real economy .
america will most likely recession , as occurred in the light of experience a slowdown aware of the past two years .
but that adopters will not see carbon taxes .
faced with this magnitude of such a potential for a challenge is that chinese authorities never know what they do to gain or lose prestige .
all this applies raises the question of whether defined as the world power that the us and china will replace by the rules of the global economy .
eventually ( proportions of precipitate a confrontation with the us and europe ) , and this is unsustainable .
the more centralized political power is more , not hinder the development of the central markets .
instead , the opposite effect on the development of markets could have a political integration .
the pact . but it also has now seems to be the country back into trouble and weaken
internally , for their part , and china will generate high - quality financial assets and their ability to develop their financial markets .
clearly , the second option is preferable .
during the asian financial crisis and devaluation in early 1999 brazilian decidedly argentine that the burden was overvalued .
that they had a current - account deficits and debt burden of a cumulative literally of greek proportions .
all this has been viewed as a period of political stability exceptional historical , the parameters , which has been regarded as possible .
so far , or in any pipeline revenue relative to the project 's record of governments have been loath to publish or in cameroon , chad .
for starters , the us now possesses a friend and a true ally in the élysée palace .
much of the union to turkey as an opportunity to give reconciled this period of time .
it gives rise to what is stronger turkey 's muslim population emotions .
fears that day is also a state on turkey turn to fundamentalist islamists .
to maintain price stability , established in 1998 , the european central bank has run the new currency 's term .
between 2000 and 2005 , the euro lost value of their more than 25 % against the dollar .
keynesian deficit - financed by traditional and developing massive fiscal stimulus through a serious downturn , a country may want to pursue a policy .
moreover , the current economic crisis has made it becomes that the european union 's need to speak of tax - competition .
could it as a reason income countries with large enough to want out .
international economic has never been easy to reach agreements .
for the young citizens , particularly islamists , normal channels of political participation have been closed .
first , how much conventional capacity to keep the us should war ?
this strategy based on a wide acceptance in japan has an bipartisan in america , and even polls show that has endured .
nevertheless , the alliance faces three major challenges in a new external environment .
the situation in a systemic crisis will probably more deteriorates and what can prevent ?
but how , exactly , is at the heart of the new economy ?
america 's most respected companies are more than half of is not surprising that .
why some trust was meant to the world war ii in the future ?
from and fight against poverty and effective entitlement programs wrong to end to release funds for more than they would have to eliminate specific job creation .
the words of the world food program , 70 % of the population lack food security .
in theory , building girls to schools , roughly half of the education gap in these areas could be eliminated .
the benefits are being six times higher than it is estimated that the costs .
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election results .
women strongly doom the sexual harassment and sexual regularly double challenging the moral support for efforts to compete in the labor market .
after all , women have long - time to reach the will of the strength and the top .
and they want to be as a key factor for our economic system 's evolution in 2008 , unions are in the years ahead .
no doubt that the world has seen in recent decades progress on several fronts .
in many cases are large and growing inequality in the gaps are even more generally , however .
unfortunately , the summit will most likely to be lost an opportunity .
our global warming is at all major environmental threat .
france has lost and economic models show that so many or more from the costs of the additional jobs .
this has lasted for two decades .
the new deal uribe , so it failed to defend military .
zimbabwe in march since the electoral process has been conducted in the way that he is not a continuation of a constitutional government .
