in the sectarian strife take the risks implied participation in the turkish army has no interest in iraq .
until this trap erdogan has no intention of left drawn .
the vote does not imposed costs on those who find little rational and simultaneously to vote for the entire world provides a standard of social vote .
the australian want to be forced to vote .
moreover , a light is not the only option for women who work for the family as inflexible and business environment .
came at 1.8 much , with the $ 1 trillion larger over the last year , and a half of the world .
local riches real reserves of the paradox is that today are not yet that can be used to stimulate the economy .
america will most likely experience a slowdown of both the recession , as occurred in light of the past two years .
but that is not see carbon taxes adoption .
faced with a potential for akin to gain or lose prestige of this magnitude challenge is that chinese authorities never know what it does .
for all of this raises the question of whether china will replace the us as the global power and applied that defines the rules of the global economy .
this is unsustainable , and eventually precipitate a confrontation with the us proportions ( and of europe ) .
the more centralized political power is more , not hinder the development of the central markets .
instead , political integration could have an impact on the development of the opposite markets .
but now appears that the country back into trouble and has also want to weaken the pact .
internally , for their part , and china will develop their financial markets and their ability to generate high - quality financial assets .
clearly , the second option is preferable .
during the asian financial crisis and devaluation in early 1999 brazilian decidedly argentine that the burden was overvalued .
that they had a current - account deficits and debt burden of a cumulative literally of greek proportions .
all this has been possible , thanks to what has been considered the historical parameters , viewed as a period of political stability exceptional .
until now or in cameroon , chad , governments have been willing to publish or in any pipeline of revenue relative to the project 's record .
for starters , the us now possesses a friend and a true ally in the élysée palace .
both to give turkey as an opportunity to the union 's reconciled this period of time .
turkey 's muslim population is what gives rise to the strongest emotions .
fears that day is also a state on turkey turn to fundamentalist islamists .
the european central bank 's term , established in 1998 , has run the new currency to maintain price stability .
between 2000 and 2005 , the dollar against the euro lost value over 25 % of its .
to a serious downturn , a country may want to pursue a policy keynesian stimulus through traditional fiscal deficit - financed by and large - scale .
moreover , the current economic crisis has made it becomes that the european union 's need to speak of tax - competition .
could it as a reason income countries with large enough to want out .
international economic has never been easy to reach agreements .
for the young citizens , particularly islamists , normal channels of political participation have been closed .
first , how much conventional capacity to keep the us should war ?
this strategy based on a bipartisan in america , and even polls show that has endured possesses a wide acceptance in japan .
nevertheless , the alliance faces three major challenges in a new external environment .
what can prevent further deteriorates and the situation in a systemic crisis will probably ?
but how , exactly , is at the heart of the new economy ?
america 's most respected companies are more than half of is not surprising that .
why some trust was meant to the world war ii in the future ?
that would have to eliminate entitlement programs wrong to end point to release funds for more effective from and fight against poverty and specific job creation .
according to the world food program , 70 % of the population lack food security .
in theory , building girls to schools , roughly half of the education gap in these areas could be eliminated .
it is estimated that the benefits are being six times higher than the costs .
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the election results .
women strongly doom the sexual harassment and sexual regularly double challenging the moral support for efforts to compete in the labor market .
after all , women have long - time to reach the strength and the will of the top .
as unions are a key factor for our economic system 's evolution in 2008 , and they want to be in the years ahead .
no doubt that the world has seen in recent decades progress on several fronts .
in many cases are large and growing inequality in the gaps are even more generally , however .
unfortunately , the summit will most likely to be lost an opportunity .
our global warming is at all major environmental threat .
france has lost and economic models show that so many or more from the costs of the additional jobs .
this has lasted for two decades .
the new deal uribe , so it failed to defend military .
zimbabwe in march since the electoral process has been conducted in the way that he is not a continuation of a constitutional government .
